good morning today as in the past
the weekend we will continue to look for kinolyapy
fiction movie george lucas
star wars episode 6 return
Jedi 1 years in the battle at the sarlacca well
luxury selflessly fighting for his
life yes so cleverly that scatter
kicks opponents even to them not
touched
no well of course nobody forces
really kick people on
physiognomy of the film but also selflessly
kick the air in half a meter from the enemy
also know somehow inappropriate
when the main characters are caught in the net
shaggy inhabitants ender they take
golden robot si three pi o for
deity and begin publishing in pray to him
beating bows among the worshipers
you can believe a very suspicious
him to while all his
relatives large expressive eyes
this glad is not at all and there are just holes
in the skin through which peeps
quite the human organs of vision
Well, apparently not at all the heroes of the picture
had enough quality suits 1 had
equip plinth pooh's fur
kinolyap from the mysterious discharge when han
runs away from mined generators
shouting shield we are leaving we see it clearly
reflection haunting solo daddy there in
for a second but what is reflected han
may be from a transparent cheat
protecting the camera from an explosion
this is an interesting moment well meet
somehow with lucas I 'll ask him about this
kinolyap and another row hatch removes from
dying anakin skywalker his helmet
while the massive part of the helmet is about
chin and no movie sticking far
forward
stays in place during the whole scene
goodbye father son when anikin dies
and the hatch bows this massive head
the item disappears somewhere
one gets the impression that the hatch
just took this part from dad myself
well to remember not to drag to yourselves
death star well that's all the most
interesting kinolyapy from this films until
meeting next week
look only
good movie bye